When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	A remote repository is useful for open-source (or any collaborative) projects where multiple editors 
	will be working on the same file. It would be difficult to execute such a project if the files were 
	stored on someone's local client.
	
	Another scenario where the convenience of a remote repository would be desirable is where the file editor(s)
	desire access to the project from multiple devices. Since a remote repository is stored online, it can be 
	accessed via any appropriate device with an internet connection and git installed.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	The new commit on the remote might be by another user, and you may want to review the changes before pulling them to your local repository. There might also be a discrepancy between branches if new commits on either repository branched off - you might want to review these manually before pulling.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Branching is simply deviating from the master in a repository, in order to fix a bug, add a new feature, or 
	experiment. It is branching off from the master, the latter of which can be used to document production-ready commits.

	A clone copies a repository from a version-control platform such as GitHub to your local client, or from one 
	area of your computer to another. You might want to clone in order to push a new repository to GitHub from your 
	computer, or to create a backup of the repository.

	Forking is a form of cloning unique to the GitHub enviroment. GitHub essentially clones one repository on their servers to another repository on their servers. GitHub defaults forking with features such as referencing back 
	to the original repository, showing a count of how many times the repository was forked, etc. You would use a 
	fork whenever you wanted to edit a public GitHub repository that you did not have editing rights to.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	A local copy of the last known state of the remote allows a user to work with it even if they don't have internet access, such as when boarding a plane. We can also use this copy to run commands such as git log or git diff against the local master.